README.md, before:

# DELANI STUDIO
# Wairimu Miano
#### This is a landing page for a studio, Delani Studio, 19th April 2021
#### Forked from Jonnygovish
## Description
This web page contains various sections, heading/intro, about section, services section, what we do section, portfolio section and contact section. JQuery was used to create a hover effect when one clicks the portfolio projects/images and to allow the user to toggle between the icons and their descriptions in the what we do section. The contact form uses mailchimp API to track messages and emails.
## Link to github pages:
Link: https://wairimu-miano.github.io/IP3/
Click the link to open the web page.
## Technologies Used
In the creation of this project, I used the following programming languages:HTML,CSS, JavaScript and JQuery. I also used bootstrap in styling sheets.
## Support and contact details
If you have any issues, concerns, ideas or questions, kindly do not hesitate to contact me.
### License
MIT License.
Copyright (c) 2021 Wairimu Miano

Commit message:

Edit README file: Add BDD, setup instructions

README.md, after:

# DELANI STUDIO
# Wairimu Miano
#### This is a landing page for a studio, Delani Studio, 19th April 2021
#### Forked from Jonnygovish
## Description
This web page contains various sections, heading/intro, about section, services section, what we do section, portfolio section and contact section. JQuery was used to create a hover effect when one clicks the portfolio projects/images and to allow the user to toggle between the icons and their descriptions in the what we do section. The contact form  has inputs email, name and comments and uses mailchimp API to track messages and emails.
## Link to github pages:
Link: https://wairimu-miano.github.io/IP3/
Click the link to open the web page.
## Setup instructions
Clone the program from the online repository.
## Behaviour Driven Development
1. Behaviour: "Enter name", Input:["John"] , Output: name="John"
2. Behaviour: "Enter email", Input:["johnalrogg@gmail.com"] , Output: name="johnalrogg@gmail.com"
3. Behaviour: "Submit", Input: name, Ouput: "Thank you,${name} your details have been received"
## Technologies Used
In the creation of this project, I used the following programming languages:HTML,CSS, JavaScript and JQuery. I also used bootstrap in styling sheets.
## Support and contact details
If you have any issues, concerns, ideas or questions, kindly do not hesitate to contact me. Email: wairimumiano.lm@gmail.com
### License
MIT License.
Copyright (c) 2021 Wairimu Miano
